https://codepen.io/shoneejay/pen/poyrapX?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
fact that you can read the tag and know more about its meaning instantly


    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML it's described as the raw materials for the building project. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 special flags inside of our tags
, it is place right after the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
An h1 tag is used for the most important text on a page, which is usually the title of the page and it should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
1) img tag 
2) anchor tag 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
 info about the page goes here, such as the link to the stylesheet, meta tags.

    7. What is an id? 
A ID is something that can be assigned to a element for specified styling purposes.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Every HTML element can have a ID

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Only once 

    10. What is a class? 
A class is the same thing as a ID but you can have mutltiple classes per page and it can be used more than once

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
The class attribute can be used on any HTML element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
no limit 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank" attribute while open a new tab upon clicking

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Used for a desciption of an image if the user has a screen reader.

    15. How do I reference an id?
you refer to ID by using the # symbol 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section and div are similar however a div is mainly used for styling purposes and section is used to display the sections of a given page (semantically)

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used for styling of a page

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of 

A ID can only be used once for an element but you can have many classes.

I may use classes to style images but I might use an ID for a header.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
 ".class" 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{

}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
 selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
Is useful when one wants to style many elements at the same time.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
a.sidebar{

}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
This is a keyword that selects a special state/action for an element such as a hover feature for a element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

*{

}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/*  */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm 
Because deleting from CLI is permanent

    34. Why should I use version control? 
It will allow for specific previous versions to be recalled if needed and it will record all changes made to a file 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
10-15 mins, if you make a "milestone" change then you should commit

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin 'branch-name'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork
add collaborator
git clone
git checkout -b Ivy-Wheeler
make adjustments
save it
git add .
git commit -m 'message'
git push -u origin 'Ivy-wheeler'

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not force a new line to happen in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to happen
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Will allow you to literally place any page element exactly where you want it
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 